Added support for PS4 Joystick (#490)
ros-planning/moveit_tutorials: doc/joystick_control_teleoperation/joystick_control_teleoperation_tutorial.rst

> This script can read four types of joysticks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script can handle the following types of joysticks:
```

1. PS3 Controller via USB
2. PS3 Controller via Bluetooth (Please use ps3joy package at `http://wiki.ros.org/ps3joy <http://wiki.ros.org/ps3joy>`_)
3. PS4 Controller via USB

> 4. PS4 Controller via Bleutooth (Please use ds4_driver package at `http://wiki.ros.org/ds4_driver <http://wiki.ros.org/ds4_driver>`_)

Reviewer 2: Typo `Bleutooth`

5. XBox360 Controller via USB
6. Arctic USB Wireless `Gamepad <https://www.arctic.ac/eu_en/usb-wireless-gamepad.html>`_

Joystick Command Mappings
-------------------------

=====================   ==================   ===================== ==================

> Command                 PS3/4 Controller       Xbox Controller       Arctic Controller

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Command                 PS3/4 Controller     Xbox Controller       Arctic Controller
```
